---
title: Zero downtime upgrade approach
description: 
published: true
date: 2021-05-12T08:43:13.660Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2021-03-19T11:09:25.249Z
---

# Zero downtime upgrade approach
In this guide we will see how to update BW from version 6.5 to version 6.6. HF-002 without creating disservices.

## Prerequisites

BW 6.5 installed on two machines with bwagent in "High Availability" (DB + EMS)

## Installation

1. Back up the DB and the configuration files in the bwhome (bwagent.ini, bwagent_db.json), in the appspaces (config.ini, TRA file) and in the appnode (config.ini, TRA file, logback)

2. Turn off all applications and nodes on machine 1 (M1). Applications will continue to run smoothly on machine 2 (M2)

3. Turn off the M1 bwagent

4. If Hawk is present, deactivate the rules that monitor the M1. If possible, also turn off Hawk's agent and microagents

5. Install version 6.6 on the same tibco home. During installation, the old version will be detected and a message will ask whether to continue by overwriting it: continue

6. Install Hotfix 2

7. If present, uninstall and install the new Hawk BW6 Microagents

8. Install the DB and EMS drivers with the bwinstall command

## BWAgent configuration

1. Modify the “.profile” file by updating any paths with the references of version 6.6

2. Check the bwagent_db.json file and run the command
- 	
		bwadmin config -cf ../config/bwagent_db.json agent
 
3. In the BWAGENT table on the DB, update the AGENTVERSION column

4. Start the bwagent

## Domain configuration

1. Update the /tibco6/tibco/software/bw/6.6/domains/DomainHomes.properties file with the information present in the 6.5 backup file

2. Create the domain folder, the archives, appspaces and appnodes folders and all the directory structure

3. In the DOMAIN and DOMAINCONFIG tables, update the DOMAINHOME column

4. Copy in the archives folder the contents of the same folder present in the bwhome of 6.5

5. In the appspace folder copy the contents of the same folder present in the bwhome of 6.5 and change the paths present by pointing to the new bwhome

6. Copy the config.ini and logback files to the appnode folder, copy the sshconfig folder. Verify that in the config.ini the variable bw.appnode.clean.config.folder.on.startup is true

7. Create the bin and config folders in the appnode folder
 
8. Copy the files bwappnode-*node* and the TRA file into the bin folder. Leave the config folder empty

9. Verify that all paths point to the new bwhome

10. In the SERVER table, update the VERSION, SERVERHOME columns; in the APPSPACE table = update VERSION column

11. Start appspace and appnode on the M1. It should not be necessary to re-register the TEA, otherwise run the command

12. Start the applications and check that they are working

13. In the INSTALLEDSOFTWARE table, clean up the old version records

14. Remove the old version files from the _installinfo folder

15. Delete the old bwhome

16. Make sure there is no longer any reference to version 6.5 on both FS and DB

## Machine #2

Repeat the same operations on the M2

## Hawk

Restart Hawk and verify that the microagents for the BW works as well as the rules that monitor nodes and applications